The Matrix - 1999 - The Wachowski Brothers - A computer hacker learns from mysterious rebels about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.
The Lego Movie - 2014 - Phil Lord and Christopher Miller - An ordinary LEGO minifigure, mistakenly thought to be the extraordinary MasterBuilder, is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil LEGO tyrant from gluing the universe together.
RoboCop - 2014 - Jose Padilha - In 2028 Detroit, when Alex Murphy (Joel Kinnaman), a loving husband, father and good cop, is critically injured in the line of duty, the multinational conglomerate OmniCorp sees their chance for a part man, part robot police officer.
The Wolf of Wall Street - 2013 - Martin Scorsese - Based on the true story of Jordan Belfort, from his rise to a wealthy stockbroker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government.
Frozen - 2013 - Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee - Fearless optimist Anna teams up with Kristoff in an epic journey, encountering Everest like conditions, and a hilarious snowman named Olaf in a race to find Anna's sister Elsa, whose icy powers have trapped the kingdom in eternal winter.
Logan's Run - 1976 - Michael Anderson - An idyllic scifi future has one major drawback: life must end at 30.
A Fish Called Wanda - 1988 - Charles Crichton - In London, four very different people team up to commit armed robbery, then try to doublecross each other for the loot.
The Godfather - 1972 - Francis Ford Coppola - The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.
Apocalypse Now - 1979 - Francis Ford Coppola - During the Viet Nam War, Captain Willard is sent on a dangerous mission into Cambodia to assassinate a renegade colonel who has set himself up as a god among a local tribe.
The Sting - 1973 - George Roy Hill - In 1930s Chicago, a young con man seeking revenge for his murdered partner teams up with a master of the big con to win a fortune from a criminal banker.
Temple Grandin - 2010 - Mick Jackson - A biopic of Temple Grandin, an autistic woman who has become one of the top scientists in the humane livestock handling industry.
Gravity - 2013 - Alfonso Cuaron - A medical engineer and an astronaut work together to survive after an accident leaves them adrift in space.
Empire of the Sun - 1987 - Steven Spielberg - A young English boy struggles to survive under Japanese occupation during World War II.
The Big Lebowski - 1998 - Joel and Ethan Coen - "Dude" Lebowski, mistaken for a millionaire Lebowski, seeks restitution for his ruined rug and enlists his bowling buddies to help get it.
Pan's Labyrinth - 2006 - Guillermo del Toro - In the fascist Spain of 1944, the bookish young stepdaughter of a sadistic army officer escapes into an eerie but captivating fantasy world.
Unbreakable - 2000 - M. Night Shyamalan - A suspense thriller with supernatural overtones that revolves around a man who learns something extraordinary about himself after a devastating accident.
Gattaca - 1997 - Andrew Niccol - A genetically inferior man assumes the identity of a superior one in order to pursue his lifelong dream of space travel.
The Dark Knight - 2008 - Christopher Nolan - When Batman, Gordon and Harvey Dent launch an assault on the mob, they let the clown out of the box, the Joker, bent on turning Gotham on itself and bringing any heroes down to his level.
Donnie Darko - 2001 - Richard Kelly - A troubled teenager is plagued by visions of a large bunny rabbit that manipulates him to commit a series of crimes, after narrowly escaping a bizarre accident.
Rescue Dawn - 2006 - Werner Herzog - A US Fighter pilot's epic struggle of survival after being shot down on a mission over Laos during the Vietnam War.
The Prestige - 2006 - Christopher Nolan - The rivalry between two magicians becomes more exacerbated by their attempt to perform the ultimate illusion.
Memento - 2000 - Christopher Nolan - A man, suffering from short-term memory loss, uses notes and tattoos to hunt for the man he thinks killed his wife.
Avatar - 2009 - James Cameron - A paraplegic Marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home.
Killing Them Softly - 2012 - Andrew Dominik - Jackie Cogan is an enforcer hired to restore order after three dumb guys rob a Mob protected card game, causing the local criminal economy to collapse.
300 - 2006 - Zack Snyder - King Leonidas and a force of 300 men fight the Persians at Thermopylae in 480 B.C.